Update v5_migration.md (#676)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/pages/guides/upgrading/v5_migration.md

</Callout>

<Callout type="info">

>   {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_APPLICATIONS }} version 5.1+ [.noIndexPermalink() is now deprecated](#permalink-indexing), since we now automatically block search engine traffic for edge links and permalinks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_APPLICATIONS }} version 5.1+ [.noIndexPermalink() is now deprecated](#permalink-indexing), since we now instruct search engines to not index pages on edge links and permalinks by default.
```

Author: This is good, moved it over to the v6 guide as well.

Review your code to see whether it generates duplicate query string parameters. If it does, update it to handle multiple query string parameters with the same name.

## Step 9: (Optional) Permalink Indexing {/*permalink-indexing*/}

> By default, {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_APPLICATIONS }} version 5.1+ automatically blocks search engine traffic for edge links and permalinks. As a result, the `.noIndexPermalink()` router function serves no purpose and it has been deprecated. We recommend that you remove this function from your {{ ROUTES_FILE }} file. 

Reviewer: Let's make it explicit how we "automatically blocks search engine traffic". Let's mention the header and it's value here or link to somewhere else where it is explained.

Review your code to see whether it generates duplicate query string parameters. If it does, update it to handle multiple query string parameters with the same name.

## Step 9: (Optional) Permalink Indexing {/permalink-indexing/}

> For {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_APPLICATIONS }} version 5.1 and above, the `x-robots-tag` is automatically set to `noindex` to prevent search engines from crawling edge links and permalinks. Prior to version 5.1, the `.noIndexPermalink()` function was an opt-in solution to achieve the same effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {{ PRODUCT }} {{ PRODUCT_APPLICATIONS }} version 5.1 and above, `x-robots-tag: noindex` header is automatically added to all responses being served from edge links and permalinks to prevent search engines from indexing those links. By default, this header will not be added to any responses served from a custom domain name. Prior to version 5.1, the `.noIndexPermalink()` function was an opt-in solution to achieve the same effect.
```
